Are right it's time for us to create a progressive Web app using our robo friends.
Now instead of using the robot friends up
our robo friends app I mean it is the rebel friends up but I just named it differently so that well
I've been recording for a really long time today and this is what I do to entertain myself.
If you get the zoo Lander reference Well then I'm glad that I'm glad that you do.
If you haven't.
Make sure you watch MTV movie it's great.
Anyway I have the robo friends app here and there's nothing different than anything we've seen before.
If I ran NPM start
we have our robot friends perfect.
But Bruno asked us to make this into a progressive Web site.
How can we do this.
The very first thing we need to do is to actually put this online.
We can just make it a progressive Web app locally since we won't be able to test it on Lighthouse.
So the very first thing I have the robot friends app here with an amazing name.
But we want to have the good pages linked here so that it's actually online with the react app with
a query backed up.
It's a little difficult because well there's no index dot js file.
I mean there is but it's in the public folder.
And so it isn't as simple as just going to settings and clicking create get how pages we have to do
a little bit of work.
So let's do that first.
I'm going to make this a little smaller and we don't need this so let's clean this up now.
Actually the very first thing we want to do is to install a package and this package is going to be.
Let me just make this bigger so you can see the name is called G.H. pages for pages.
So you just do NPM install G.H. pages
so that we have this tool to allow us to deploy on to get her pages.
So if we check back on to package Jaison we see that we have get her pages installed.
The next thing we want to do with get her pages is to run a deployment by us being able to run NPM Ron
deploy.
It's going to deploy to get her pages and the way we do that is fairly simple.
We have a deploy command
and this deploy command is going to have G.H. pages and we're going to build.
So we're going to run the build commit to build our phos and make sure we had a comma here and then
before this deploy an NPM scripts you can do the pre syntax and prae command name means before whatever
command.
Run this.
So in our case before deploy so pre-deploy we're going to say and PM run built
and by the way this is actually in the documentation of Kuri react up so you can check out the good
how pages deploy section and you'll get a detailed description of what's happening here.
All right let's save this.
And the last piece of the puzzle is that with create react up we need to create within package on the
home page property.
And here we have to state where our home page is going to be.
And you want to have it attached to your user name.
So we're going to say GTP us in my case this is my get have user name Dogget hub dot IO and then finally
your repo name.
In my case the obnoxiously long repo name we're going to add it over here and make sure we have the
comma at the end.
Let's save that.
Let's run NPM.
Ron deploy PM Thrun deploy.
It's going to create the build folder.
And you can see over here it has created our app for us which is indexed.
A shemale and all of our necessary files and the static folder.
So javascript any media files and he CSSA Fox and we see that it's been published and the folder is
ready to be deployed.
At this link now the last thing we need to do is to go to get hub and in the settings page scroll down
all the way to the get help pages and make sure that this branch the get how pages branch is not all
master is not on Dachs but it's on the Get Help Pages branch which we've put.
And you can see that we already have a checkmark saying that your site is published at this link.
So let's click here.
And there you go.
We have our app our create react app deployed on how pages we have free hosting.
Very cool.
And we have this great long you are el.
Now we can test our app on Lighthouse.
So let's do that one to click and say generate report and as we know the White House is going to test
everything.
See how it works online.
See what our time to first painting's time to interactive and just generally figure out how good of
a progressive Web app are we looking at this.
The score is not bad.
We have ASIO's 89 percent accessibility 80 percent progressive Web app 82 percent performance 92 best
practices 100 percent.
That's awesome.
That's great but not everything's 100 and especially progressive webapp is not 100.
We want to get this to.
While the perfect score.
Now as we scroll down to here we know that lighthouse gives us some really really good information of
how we can improve.
For example it says exactly what we need to do to make our app a progressive Web.
It says that hey you don't really have any prompt to install a web app so there's no icons or anything.
People can't add it to their home screen and have a logo on their mobile phones just like a regular
app.
There's also no splash screen but all these other audits past including a CD p.s. and including service
workers.
This is the cool part because create re-act app has progressive Web app in mind and is always being
updated with the best options for you.
We have all of this done for us.
We also have some cool features right out of the box such as if I turn off my Wi-Fi and I refresh look
at that.
We don't have an empty page with nothing in it.
With that little dinosaur that you get in Google Chrome this app is actually working.
I mean we're not loading our robots because we're making an API request.
We could technically add that API request.
So it works off line as well.
But if I click on the comp on Google that this app is still working and based on the type of app that
we have we could have an offline app that still works and every time I refresh I still get this app.
Very cool.
Now with any other web site that isn't a progressive Web app Let's go to my favorite Web site.
Wait.
But why do you see that.
There's no Internet connection.
We get absolutely nothing.
Although just a fun little trick if you hit spacebar here you get a little dinosaur game.
They can jump around it.
Very cool.
All right.
This is getting a little addictive.
But you see that this is not a progressive Web app.
Ours is.
And we get that out of the box with creative re-act app.
Very very cool.
Let's turn this back on.
Definitely it our Internet again if we go back to the app and let's make this smaller.
We see that we have the register service work here out of the box created by Create re-act app and it
has everything set up for us.
And then we have a few other things that we need to fix in the next video.
We're going to start working on this and chipping away and trying to get these scores perfect but so
far so good.
We even got Estill CPS straight out of the box because of get how pages.
For now though I'll see in the next video Buh-Bye.